Creating EDA user guide (#1026)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/eda/proc-eda-set-up-new-decision-environment.adoc

[id="proc-eda-set-up-new-decision-environment"]

= Setting up a new decision environment

Decision environments are a container image to run Ansible rulebooks.
They create a common language for communicating automation dependencies, and provide a standard way to build and distribute the automation environment.
The default decision environment is found at link:https://quay.io/repository/ansible/ansible-rulebook[Ansible-Rulebook]. 

> 

Reviewer: suggest changing to "is found in the followed by the link". This will render as "...is found in the Ansible-Rulebook" and will read better.

To create your own decision environment refer to [PLACEHOLDER FOR LINK TO KCS].

> The following steps guide you on how to import a decision environment into your {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps eescribe how to import a decision environment into your {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.
```

== Prerequisites

> * You are logged in as a Content Consumer.

Reviewer 2: Logged in to the {EDAcontroller} dashboard or somewhere else?

* You have set up a credential, if necessary. 

> For more information, refer to the link:https://docs.ansible.com/automation-controller/latest/html/userguide/credentials.html[Credentials]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the link:https://docs.ansible.com/automation-controller/latest/html/userguide/credentials.html[Credentials] of the {ControllerNameStart} documentation.
```

section.

> * You have pushed a decision environment image to an image repository or you chose to use the provided image de-supported provided at link:http://registry.redhat.io/[registry.redhat.io].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have pushed a decision environment image to an image repository or you chose to use the provided image de-supported provided at link:http://registry.redhat.io/[registry.redhat.io].
```
Is de-supported the image name?  I'd suggest enclosing it in backticks if it is.

== Procedure

. Navigate to the {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.

> . From the navigation bar, select btn:[Decision Environments] → btn:[Create decision environment].

Reviewer: I believe we need to call this the navigation "panel". Also,change these buttons to menu items as follows:

select menu:Decision Environments[Create decision environment].

> . Insert the following: 

Reviewer: Suggest maybe a definition list might work better here, but it's totally up to you. To create a definition list:
+
Name::
Description:: This field is optional
Image:: This is the full ...

To create your own decision environment refer to link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7018085[How do I Build a Custom Decision Environment for Event Driven Ansible within Ansible Automation Platform?].

The following steps describe how to import a decision environment into your {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.

== Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the {EDAcontroller} Dashboard as a Content Consumer.
* You have set up a credential, if necessary. 
For more information, refer to the link:https://docs.ansible.com/automation-controller/latest/html/userguide/credentials.html[Credentials] section
of the {ControllerNameStart} documentation.
* You have pushed a decision environment image to an image repository or you chose to use the image `de-supported` provided at link:http://registry.redhat.io/[registry.redhat.io].

== Procedure

. Navigate to the {EDAcontroller} Dashboard.
. From the navigation panel, select menu:Decision Environments[Create decision environment].
. Insert the following: 
+
Name::
Description:: This field is optional.
Image:: This is the full image location, including the container registry, image name, and version tag.

> Credential:: This is the token needed to utilize the decision environment image. 

Reviewer 3: Should this indicate that this field is optional? To be more precise the credential for DEs is a pair of user/token

Author: This is how it currently appears in the UI as per Tina's mockups. Will confirm with her if this should be optional.

Reviewer 4: If it should be optional, I can update the mocks.

Reviewer 4: @Alex-Izquierdo Should the Credential field in Projects also be optional as well then?

Reviewer 3: Correct. Credentials should be optional for projects and decision environments. It is actually in the UI and mocks should be updated.
